Which country refuses to accept
Although you can stand up
Compare your strength with my Temple of Wealth
Since you are the God of Wealth
Why didn't you reveal your identity earlier?
identity
In the eyes of your Sect Master Su
Is it the oath of the past?
And now the identity of the person you like
Not worth mentioning
Deceiving you is the god of wealth
If you don't leave Kunlun's body language today
You can't make a door.
Not bad. A God of Wealth, not afraid.
If you die here today
Temple of Wealth Countless wealth is shared equally among our nations
Isn't it a discount for delicious food?
Just you two crooked melons
Dare to be so presumptuous
Xiaomei, don't be in a hurry
When he dies, you will be ours too
Including the lyric of the Su family
None of you can escape
Today, thanks to this visit, I have been well prepared.
Let you see
The most powerful killer organization in our country
The power of evil
Meet the Valkyrie
Valkyrie of Wealth
If you dare anyone to disrespect Lord Valkyrie
Valkyrie must be executed
If anyone still dares to place their trust in me
This Kunlun divine jade in hand
You can take a step forward.
Let me see your nations
Do you still have the courage?